#summary Instructions to obtain your copy of Kojak.
#labels Featured

= Downloads =

== Navigation ==
 * [TableOfContents Return to Table of Contents]
 * [Installation Jump to Installation]

== Introduction ==

Kojak is provided as a pre-compiled binary (or application). Please select the appropriate download from the links below that match your operating system. Kojak is free.

If your system is not included in the list, let us know on the message board. Also, Kojak can be compiled for your system from the source tree.

* The Kojak manuscript is currently in review. To protect this process, the files are currently password-locked. Reviewers can anonymously download the binaries (no tracking is performed) and unlock the application with the second author's last name, all lower-case letters. The password protection will be removed upon publication of the manuscript. *

*Additionally, Kojak has been used in recent publications. To obtain the version found in these publications, please contact mhoopmann (at) systemsbiology.org*

== Select Your Operating System ==

=== Windows 32-bit (works with 64-bit) ===
 * Version 1.3.3 (Jan 2015): [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByyfOdPaY1xkNGE2aDN2WU5sMXc Latest Version - Download Now]
 * Version 1.3.2 (Dec 2014): [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByyfOdPaY1xkYnVsRmZ3a1d3WWc Legacy Download]
 * Version 1.0 (May 2014): [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByyfOdPaY1xkY0V0MnhRSHk5LXM Legacy Download]

=== Linux 64-bit ===
 * Version 1.3.3 (Jan 2015): [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByyfOdPaY1xkZWJQNUo0c21BY2M Latest Version - Download Now]
 * Version 1.3.2 (Dec 2014): [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByyfOdPaY1xkT3NYdFN2VUNnTzA Legacy Download]
 * Version 1.0 (May 2014): [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0ByyfOdPaY1xkN3paa1hPbkc5OUE Legacy Download]