#summary Quick Start Guide
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Step-by-step instructions to analyzing your mzXML or mzML data. Detailed instructions can be found on other pages in this wiki (links soon).

= Related Topics =

[Parameters]

----

== Step 1: Set up a data project folder ==

  a. Create a folder or directory on your computer hard drive.
    * _Example: {{{ C:\Data\MyProject\ }}} _
  b. Copy or link your data to this directory.
    * _Exmaple: {{{ C:\Data\MyProject\DataFile1.mzML }}} _
  c. Create a copy of the Kojak configuration file [ref] in this directory.
    * _Example: {{{ C:\Data\MyProject\Kojak.conf }}} _

== Step 2: Edit your configuration file ==

  a. Open _Kojak.conf_ in a text editor.

  b. Change _ MS_data_file _ to your data file.
    * _Example: {{{ MS_data_file = C:\Data\MyProject\DataFile1.mzML }}} _
  c. Name your _ output_file _ and _ percolator_file _.
    * _Example: {{{ output_file = C:\Data\MyProject\DataFile1-results.txt }}} _
    * _Example: {{{ percolator_file = C:\Data\MyProject\DataFile1-percolator.txt }}} _
  d. Change _ database _ to the amino acid sequence database you want to use.
    * _Example: {{{ database = C:\FASTA\MyDatabase.fasta }}} _
  e. Set other parameters as necessary. Parameters and descriptions can be found on the Parameters page.
  
  f. Save _Kojak.conf_ and exit the text editor.

== Step 3: Run Kojak ==

  a. Open a command line prompt.
  b. Navigate to the Kojak folder.
    * _Example: {{{ cd C:\Kojak }}} _
  c. Execute the Kojak application with the path and name of your configuration file.
    * _Example: {{{ Kojak.exe C:\Data\MyProject\Kojak.conf }}} _

== Step 4: Validate and Summarize Results ==

  a. Navigate to your data folder
    * _Example: {{{ cd C:\Data\MyProject }}} _
  b. Execute the Percolator application
    * _Example: {{{ C:\Percolator\Percolator.exe -j DataFile1-percolator.txt > DataFile1-validated.txt }}} _
  c. View your _ {{{ DataFile1-validated.txt }}} _ results file in any text editor or spreadsheet application (such as Excel).